Reflections for lesson1

Q1: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a
file help you see the bug that was introduced?

A:
Viewing diff helped me locate the exact point of change
between an old version a file compared to the new version.
'-' represented what was removed from the old file and
'+' represented what was changed or added

Q2: How could having easy access to the entire history
of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A:
Having access to the entire file history make it easier to
find all the error quicker than when the files are seperated
It also save file restoration time when a file is changed by accident.
- 'git commit' in git are versions of files or recipes that you
have saved at different intervals.
- 'git diff' takes two commits and compares them

Q3: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when
 to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
 saved, like Google docs does?

A:
Pros -  a. you only save what is important so when you look at ypur commit
history, it won't be convoluted.
        b. You avoid the risk of loosing your data bein saved when you're
        in the middle of typing an idea
        c. it allows you to include a short description (README) of the
        changes you are commiting
Cons -  a. You can forget to save your work and you have a big file with
        loads of changes

Q4: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git,
allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like
Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A:
By saving all files in one commit, you can easily track your
changes by looking at the commit history.
You can also find and compare the files that were changed
much easily than when you have to search for the version
that you want in history like Google Docs

Q5: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to
view the history of files?

A:
using git log shows you the commit history of all the files
in your repository. Then using git diff can show you the changes
you made on the files
